Merge the Jammy and Noble instructions using tabs (#17)
canonical/ubuntu-for-jetson: docs/classic/desktop.rst

.. _install_classic_desktop:

===============================

> NVIDIA JetPack on Ubuntu Server

Reviewer: It seems you forgot to update the title here, maybe you would skip the subtitle then

```suggestion
Install the desktop environment
```

===============================

Install the desktop environment
===============================

> Some use cases might require a desktop environment. To turn your Ubuntu Server image into a Desktop one, with hardware accelerated rendering, run the following commands (after installing the :doc:`NVIDIA proprietary software suite<installation>`):

Reviewer: Why "suite"? What about (better match the related page title)

```suggestion
Some use cases might require a desktop environment. To turn your Ubuntu Server image into a Desktop one, with hardware accelerated rendering, run the following commands (after installing :doc:`NVIDIA JetPack<installation>`):
```

.. tabs::

   .. group-tab:: Jammy

      .. code-block:: bash

         sudo apt install -y ubuntu-desktop-minimal
         sudo sed -i 's/allowed_users.*/allowed_users=anybody/' "/etc/X11/Xwrapper.config"
         echo "needs_root_rights=yes" | sudo tee -a "/etc/X11/Xwrapper.config"
         sudo sed 's/#WaylandEnable=false/WaylandEnable= false/' -i /etc/gdm3/custom.conf
         sudo adduser gdm video
         sudo reboot

   .. group-tab:: Noble

      .. code-block:: bash

         sudo apt install -y ubuntu-desktop-minimal nvidia-l4t-gbm

>          echo 'GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX_DEFAULT="$GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX_DEFAULT nouveau.modeset=0 modprobe.blacklist=nouveau prempt=full"' | sudo tee /etc/default/grub.d/blacklist-nouveau.cfg

Reviewer 2: Thanks for including the `prempt=full` parameter, as far as I've seen it can be either,  `preempt=full` or `preempt=voluntary`.

I agree if we choose _full preemption_, just keep in mind that the parameter must have two _ee's_ (i.e., pre**e**mpt).

Author: Fixed and thanks for spotting the typo
